Follow Below steps to Errorlessly install Magento 2 and Configure the same without Sample Data:

First of all check if you have right versions of tools and engines installed as below:
PHP 5.5 or higher
MySQL 5.6 or higher
Apache 2.2 or 2.4
Phpmyadmin 4.0 or higher

Then check if apache configuration has below settings or not:
For all directory settings/permissions:
	AllowOverride All
	Require all granted
	
Then download Magento 2.0.0. source files from following link:
https://www.magentocommerce.com/download

Then extract it into a simplistic folder name like "magento-2" or "magento_2"
and provide full permissions to the same directory.

Install Composer following anyone of the below links depending on your OS:
https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-windows - Windows XP or higher
http://symfony.com/doc/current/cookbook/composer.html - Linux or Mac
Note: Composer commands are generally fired from terminal unless they are included in the context menus like in "Windows OS".

Then navigate to your root Magento 2 directory(magento-2 or whatever name you have given) and run "composer install" command.

Then Login to magento.com and go to Developers >> Secure Keys >> Generate Both Private and Public keys by providing your "Name".

These keys are your authentication details for accessing "Magento Composer Repository(repo.magento.com)" and downloading libraries therein.

Now in your root folder run the "composer update" command and allow it to download the required libraries from Magento Repo.

Then again provide full permissions to the Magento root directory.

Create a blank database through MySQL Terminal or PHPMyAdmin.

Then run the Magento setup into the Browser and provide necessary details until completion.
